# GPUTweak

This app aims to repair the fact there is no proper GPU Tool available for linux users.

# Features

- Compact view of useful data in the *Information* window
- Graphed data in the *Stats* window
- Easy access to overclocking in the *Tweak* window (work in progress, currently only fan speed)

# Possibles improvements

If you're interested to participate, feel free to open an Issue or submit a Pull Request =)

- Custom skin
- Saved profiles
- Support for other drivers and manufacturers
- Better handling of many cards in the PC

# Compatibility

Currently only NVIDIA cards using the `nvidia` driver are recognised, and only a few recent GPUs have been tested. Feel free to test with your own and give feedback in the Issues.

The app is built to be able to support other cards if someone writes the adapter for it.

# Installation

Only requirement is Qt and the NVIDIA proprietary driver, so it should work out of the box on most distribs.

## Easy painless way

Download an archive from the releases page, uncompress it wherever you want on your computer and run `GPUTweak`. Theses archives are generated by the `compile-linux-64.sh` script on an Ubuntu 14.04 machine and should run on most distribs. Note that I do not offer 32bit binaries, see *Compile yourself*.

## Compile yourself

If the proposed package does not work with your system or you simply don't trust me (I won't blame you, I totally understand) you can download an archive of the repository on the releases page, have a look at the code and run `compile-linux-64.sh`. Edit it it to fit your system if necessary. This script produces an output folder `GPUTweak` along with an archive ready to be shared !

# How does it work ?

GPUTweak reads and sets properties trough the `nvidia-settings` command line utility that comes with the `nvidia` proprietary driver.

See it as an alternative NVIDIA Settings panel with a more user-friendly interface.

# Improve or just hack

This app is built using the Qt Framework in Qt Creator, you should be able to edit anything easily.

# Help !

Head over to the Issues section of the GitHub repository. We'll see what we can do for you.

# License

Copyright (C) 2015 Clark Winkelmann

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
